now we move back into
portugal this time in cascais for
try previewing a new model
we are talking about the ski card segment
of opel
adam the latest new entry for the home of
origin window which is proposed as
valid alternative to small
chic city cars that already have
not very successful in recent years
we just have to look at it in preview
opel sets out to conquer the most
Young people
and does it with the new adam a city ​​car
trendy with a high rate of style and
personality
the stated goal is to
go to preside over the segment of
small historically owned chic
private of mini and fiat 500 in 3.69 meters
long and 1.96 opel wide is
managed to concentrate a design
pleasant characterized by a front
again course where the lines at all
mask width contrasts
with marked ribs than from the bonnet e
from the headlights go up in the direction
of a two-colored roof almost seemingly
suspended an inspirational solution
nautical that leaves however ample space to
a decidedly rear window
oversize compared to competitors of
category and that integrates with a
balanced rear but gritty
in the passenger compartment, space for solutions
sought after with a plank dominated by
profiles to choose from in different
color solutions and a console
central ready to welcome the heart
adams multimedia but there are
also devices of great impact
like the starlight roof sky
set with 64 small LEDs ready to
reproduce a small starry vault
from the point of view of personalization
the possibilities of are very remarkable
specify the various details of the
car
we say that adam the car
absolutely more customizable
currently on the market because they will be
over 30,000 possible combinations
between possibilities to change color
body and roof
both exterior and interior mirrors is
a huge variety of circles e
even the interiors are largely
customizable in a series of
details that really do adama of
opel adam the car more
customizable on the market
all the petrol units offered at the
I launch a 1200 with two 70 horses and one
1400 from 100 horses combined with a change
5-speed manual
three instead the fittings to choose
between jam glam haslam
also the possibilities of
optional hi tech you go from the system
of infotainment intelli link
configurable with every smartphone at
blind spot alert up to the now known
flexfix rear bike carrier retractable
the debut for the Italian market is
scheduled for next January
with a list price starting at 11
thousand 750 euros